okay well that's it it's all loaded up
with the things that I said before that
it will be loaded up with the things
that I use most often but it's the
things actually that I find myself
looking for most often so it's not
necessarily the things I'll be using
every day but it's things that I do
often use and sometimes can't find
because they're you know wherever in the
shop I've got some of the screws that I
use put in the bins down here like I
said before I'm not going to pull the
whole bunch in just enough to use for a
project or two then I can replenish them
as they run out on my Google+ page I
posted a picture of the tools as I was
laying them out getting ready and
somebody commented it asked me if those
tools are actually ones to use most
because look how trusty the size that
you're going to put up there actually
these three saws that you see here our
future projects I'm going to kind of
rebuild them you know the handles on
both of these are broken so I'll be
redoing those polishing up the blade
sharpening and all that stuff I don't
know if I'll make videos of them but I
will definitely do website articles for
them so in the comments how do you think
let me know if you think it's not going
to be able to stick to this I really do
believe that I will buy you never know
one of the advantages to this kind of
thing is that every tool has a specific
place that it goes here on the board and
you'll immediately see if something's
missing
I'm going to put it back so you take
something you use it and you put it back
now like I said I don't know if I'll be
able to stick with it but I'm going to
try well that's it for this one I hope
you liked it and thanks for watching
ok bonus footage here I actually made
this part right here that goes up on top
of it and inside that will be the power
tools like my router and jigsaw and so
on and so forth
so I'm going to stick that up there now
screw it on and fill that up as well I'm
just going to be a little bit tricky but
this thing is not heavy screw stylus has
that really good benefit that it's very
light so I'm driver here just going to
take this and get it up there I've
already got a couple of screws started
inside and up and then get up on my
bucket and dry the screw into the stuff
no set excellent excellent excellent
excellent though it's not there where is
the stunt maybe a little bit further
over well that's the Handy part about
having these screws go and just reach
down and grab another one put it on my
driver and try again oh well fine
there we go more of an angle I got
raided alright that's that I'm going to
find more studs along the way there's 16
inches on center and put the 4 or 5 in
to hold this up good and sauce ok ok
well I got all the screws in now I'm
ready to put the tools in I made this
specifically for the tools that I want
to put up there
this cos wonder goes up here actually
put it the other way I don't want the
course to be dangling out about that
goes my bigger nail gun next to that
goes on a trip around and my big router
my battery Skilsaw sander drill and
driver jigsaw
a glue gun okay now it's done anyway I
hope you liked it and thanks for
watching